I have a dream a song to see I'm so glad
you're here
I'm pregnant but I don't know how to do
this by myself
your mother is the bravest person you
ever made my baby
let me tell you how she did it all on
her own
[Music]
life is short the world is wide
I want to make some memories
this dress might look very pretty on you
you don't know me at all do you
[Music]
I think we should stay here together
well I wish I could stay here too turns
out he's engaged I hate it when they do
that I was cheated by you and I think
you know when look at me now will I ever
learn
I don't know how but I suddenly lose
control there's a fire within my soul I
can hear about and never felt closer to
my mom she wasn't scared because she had
me
we can't tell anybody else about the
baby okay
I just told bill and I told Harry I told
many many people let's get the party
started grandma you weren't invited
that's the best kind of party little
girl